Add missing meta descriptions (#488)
mongodb/docs-golang: source/usage-examples/updateOne.txt

Update a Document
=================

.. meta::

>    :description: Learn how to update a document in a collection using the `UpdateOne()` method in Go, including adding a new field to a matched document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :description: Learn how to update a document in a collection using the updateOne() method in the MongoDB Go Driver.
```
